A general mind dump of todo

TODO:  

Remove TrivialGroup.

All children of a scene object should transform when the parent transforms.

Merge TrivialAnimation and TrivialAnimatedSprite. Think about it bro...

Shape drawing functions

Collision - scenegraph
Collision - closer collision like, seperated axis?

Collision with groups
collision groups will have a bit that is true by default for all groups(and their children by inheritance) which can be used to avoid groups or objects early on.

GUIButton

Tilemap

Logger

Audio callbacks

Networking

Effects
 - Full screen post effects
	- Shake
	- Fade In/Out
	
 - Sprite
	- Shaders
	- flash

Pixel doubling

Camera/Object paths (like splines and waypoints)

Add a generic plugin model for thrid party dlls

Way to access back buffer via plugins

Simple file system access 
- save files
- high scores

Show hide layers

Tilemaps
- pixel map
- TileEd tmx tilemaps (xml) - https://github.com/bjorn/tiled/wiki/TMX-Map-Format

tinyXML

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[DONE - latest on top]

Camera - Shake

Camera - Zoom

Take into account the focus on the renderwindow as well when handling input events

[BugFixes/changes - latest on top]

demo scene now uses the activated and deactivated call system callbacks in a better way - only active scenes update constantly

new functions to set color and alpha to a sprite

point overlap and collision functions get fixes

animated sprite now returns cellWidth and Height instead of texture w and h

camera shake effect added

Camera _update was never called as camera was never "add"ed to the scene 

[Bugs - latest on top]

* Zoom in and out does not compensate for the change in the mouse x and y values and also the overall scale of objects..

* if a key is pressed and never released when the scene is inactive, then the keyup event never registers.. although inactive is a end-user concept, not the scene's. This is the same reason why the Escape key pressed in an active scene is not going to be in conflict with the escape key in an inactive scene.
